Update changelog for 3.7.10 release (#1563)
zeroc-ice/ice: CHANGELOG-3.7.md

  - [C# Changes](#c-changes-14)
  - [Java Changes](#java-changes-5)
  - [JavaScript Changes](#javascript-changes-5)
  - [MATLAB Changes](#matlab-changes-3)
  - [Objective-C Changes](#objective-c-changes)
  - [PHP Changes](#php-changes-3)
  - [Python Changes](#python-changes-6)
- [Changes in Ice 3.7.1](#changes-in-ice-371)
  - [General Changes](#general-changes-5)
  - [C++ Changes](#c-changes-15)
  - [C# Changes](#c-changes-16)
  - [Java Changes](#java-changes-6)
  - [JavaScript Changes](#javascript-changes-6)
  - [MATLAB Changes](#matlab-changes-4)
  - [Objective-C Changes](#objective-c-changes-1)
  - [PHP Changes](#php-changes-4)
  - [Python Changes](#python-changes-7)
  - [Ruby Changes](#ruby-changes-3)
- [Changes in Ice 3.7.0](#changes-in-ice-370)
  - [General Changes](#general-changes-6)
  - [C++ Changes](#c-changes-17)
  - [C# Changes](#c-changes-18)
  - [Java Changes](#java-changes-7)
  - [JavaScript Changes](#javascript-changes-7)
  - [Objective-C Changes](#objective-c-changes-2)
  - [PHP Changes](#php-changes-5)
  - [Python Changes](#python-changes-8)
  - [Ruby Changes](#ruby-changes-4)

# Changes in Ice 3.7.10

These are the major changes since Ice 3.7.9.

## C++ Changes

> - Fixes failures building from source with G++ 13  https://github.com/zeroc-ice/ice/issues/1489

Reviewer: I agree, I think putting them in parenthesis would be clearer.
Also though, these are still sentences, so I think they should end with periods, like we do in the rest of the changelog:
```
Fixes failures building from source with G++ 13. (https://github.com/zeroc-ice/ice/issues/1489)
```

> - Fixed the C++11 library names produced by Windows builds. (https://github.com/zeroc-ice/ice/issues/1502)

Reviewer 2: I would remove this entry. It's a minor change, and as stated, confusing.

> - Removed UWP support https://github.com/zeroc-ice/ice/issues/1503

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Removed UWP support. (https://github.com/zeroc-ice/ice/issues/1503)
```

## C# Changes

> - Fixed generated code for compatability with .NET 8. (https://github.com/zeroc-ice/ice/issues/1548)

Reviewer 2: compatibility ... .NET 8.0

## Java Changes

> - Add support for JDK 21.

Reviewer: For consistency with the rest of the file:
```suggestion
- Added support for JDK 21.
```
We always say "added support for X".

> - Fixed generated Java constructors to correctly count the max parameters. (https://github.com/zeroc-ice/ice/issues/1540)

Reviewer 2: Should be rephrased. It's about not generating these constructors in some cases.

## Python Changes

> - Add support for Python 3.12. (https://github.com/zeroc-ice/ice/issues/1558)

Reviewer: Same
```suggestion
- Added support for Python 3.12. (https://github.com/zeroc-ice/ice/issues/1558)
```

- [Changes in Ice 3.7.1](#changes-in-ice-371)
  - [General Changes](#general-changes-5)
  - [C++ Changes](#c-changes-15)
  - [C# Changes](#c-changes-16)
  - [Java Changes](#java-changes-6)
  - [JavaScript Changes](#javascript-changes-6)
  - [MATLAB Changes](#matlab-changes-4)
  - [Objective-C Changes](#objective-c-changes-1)
  - [PHP Changes](#php-changes-4)
  - [Python Changes](#python-changes-7)
  - [Ruby Changes](#ruby-changes-3)
- [Changes in Ice 3.7.0](#changes-in-ice-370)
  - [General Changes](#general-changes-6)
  - [C++ Changes](#c-changes-17)
  - [C# Changes](#c-changes-18)
  - [Java Changes](#java-changes-7)
  - [JavaScript Changes](#javascript-changes-7)
  - [Objective-C Changes](#objective-c-changes-2)
  - [PHP Changes](#php-changes-5)
  - [Python Changes](#python-changes-8)
  - [Ruby Changes](#ruby-changes-4)

# Changes in Ice 3.7.10

These are the major changes since Ice 3.7.9.

## C++ Changes

- Fixed build failures with G++ 13. (https://github.com/zeroc-ice/ice/issues/1489)

- Fixed the C++11 library names produced by Windows builds. (https://github.com/zeroc-ice/ice/issues/1502)

- Removed UWP support. (https://github.com/zeroc-ice/ice/issues/1503)

## C# Changes

> - Fix generated code for compatability with .NET 8. (https://github.com/zeroc-ice/ice/issues/1548)

Reviewer: Looking at the rest of the changelog, we always write these in past-tense:
```suggestion
- Fixed generated code to be compatible with .NET 8. (https://github.com/zeroc-ice/ice/issues/1548)
```

> - ```

Reviewer: Extra backticks
```suggestion
```

## Java Changes

- Build fixes for compatibility with JDK 21

> - Fix generated Java constructors to correctly count the max parameters https://github.com/zeroc-ice/ice/issues/1540

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed generated Java constructors to correctly count the max parameters. (https://github.com/zeroc-ice/ice/issues/1540)
```

## Python Changes

> - Fix Python 3.12 build failures https://github.com/zeroc-ice/ice/issues/1558

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed Python 3.12 build failures. (https://github.com/zeroc-ice/ice/issues/1558)
```
